Friday April 24 - Friday May 1 and deliverable 
I fell as little bit short of my deliverable. My whole site is not up and functioning. There was a little more to it than I first expected when I signed up to do this project. There is php pages that are working and interacting but it is not up at a whole yet. I plan to have it working a looking like a very pretty website by the presentation date. 

Friday April 17 2015 
INL was to much fun! 
This week I continued debugging the index and login pages. I think I have them working 100%. I added some html to the profile page and index pages to make them look like actual an actual website. My website is almost complete I just need to have the profile page interact with the login and and home pages. 

Friday April 10 2015
This week I did not work on my project a lot. So much tests. The elevator pitch was fun and new!
I worked on the homepage for my website a little bit and I continued debugging. that is the hardest part. I decided that the profile page is going to be pretty simple. I am only going  to ask users for a profile pic and They can write a short description about themselves too.  

Friday April 3 2015
Second Deliverable! Yay! For this deliverable I got about 8/10 I think. I was able to get my host up and running and that was one one the biggest challenges of my project so far. I have also made my homepage, index, dao, and started on the profile page. This is about as far as I wanted to get at this point in time. 

Friday March 30 2015 
This week I was working on getting familiar with phpmyadmin. I created users and more data bases. I was also working on fixing my login page to work properly. I will be working on my website a lot during this break. 

Friday March 13 2015

This week I did a lot on my project. I got my localhost running with phpmyadmin and set up a database for my website and created users. Then I created the actual sign in page of my website. Look at index.php and login.php. These work just fine but they are pretty boring. I will be focusing on getting my actual site running and working before I work on making it pretty. 

Feb 27 2015

This week I did some research about how my site was actually going to work. I downloaded php.myadmin and started to create my data base of users. In this I will store their username, password and other information that I will have them fill out when they enter my site. These will be stored as objects in a string array for each user. After I learned that I started working on actual webpage. I hope to have a working server and a “cool” login page that is somewhat functional but the 1st deliverable date, but thats a lot. 

Feb 20 2015 

This week  I finished learning bootstrap. It was pretty straight forward. Then I moved on to PHP. I downloaded PHP to my computer PHP is much more complicated. I am still having trouble with it, so I will continue to learn it. I drew out a site map that you can see if you want (its hand drawn). I also did some research on the actual Tinder site because I want to make it pretty similar to it. And now  I am going to submit this as a .txt file so I don't get a 5 out of 10 again. 

Feb 13 2015 

This week I added another practice html site that I made less boring. (mywebpage.html). Then   I learned the basics of CSS (css.html) and Bootsrap 3 (index.html). Now I am ready to start making my actual webpage. Bootstrap bower was downloaded so i can use those themes. I also started working on an API. I should have this finished by the end of the weekend. 

Feb 6 2015

Set up my github repository and started my project. 